Microservices : https://microservices.io/

    Is an architectural style that structures an application as a collection of services which are
        Highly maintainable and testable
        Loosely coupled
        Independently deployable
        Organized around business capabilities
        Owned by a small team
    The microservice architecture enables the rapid, frequent and reliable delivery of large, complex applications. 
    It also enables an organization to evolve its technology stack.

The pattern language is your guide
    The microservice architecture is not a silver bullet. It has several drawbacks. Moreover, when using this architecture there are numerous issues that 
    you must address.

    The microservice architecture pattern language is a collection of patterns for applying the microservice architecture. It has two goals:
    1. The pattern language enables you to decide whether microservices are a good fit for your application.
    2. The pattern language enables you to use the microservice architecture successfully.

    A good starting point is the Monolithic Architecture pattern, which is the traditional architectural style that is still a good choice for many applications. 
    It does, however, have numerous limitations and issues and so a better choice for large/complex applications is the Microservice architecture pattern.

Avoid the potholes
    Thinking of migrating to the microservice architecture? If so, you should read about the potholes in the road from monolithic hell and read blog posts 
    about anti-patterns and how to avoid them.

Assess your architecture
    If you have built an application with the microservice architecture then take a look at the Microservices Assessment Platform. 
    The platform assesses what you have built and identifies what needs to be improved. It reduce architectural and organizational 
    risk and maximizes the benefits of the microservice architecture.

Monolithic architecture - architect an application as a single deployable unit.
Microservice architecture - architect an application as a collection of loosely coupled, services.